Reverse Polish Notation Calculator

* credit: heavily based on Denis Ritchie and Brian Kernigan's c programming book but modified according to the exercieses

Introduction:

To make a calculation such as 5 * 4 you would enter "5 4 *" then ENTER without the quotes. After hitting enter this adds it to the stack. 
To see the answer we can hit enter again or type "?" and ENTER. Another example of a calculation. Let's say you wanted to calculate 
"(5 + 3) / (2) * 6". In this example we would enter "5 3 2 6 + / *". In esscence you enter all the numbers and the operators are entered 
after in the order in which you want them applied. So how the calculator calculates this is 5 + 3. It stores the answer which is 8. Then it 
takes 8 / 2 which is 4 and it stores this. Then it takes 4 * 6 which is 24. Lastly it stores this. If you wanted to do more with this final
answer you can. For instance you wanted to subtract 3. You would simply enter "3 -" and ENTER without the quotes. Then the stack would be
updated to 21. To display this calculated result you can type "?" and ENTER to display but keep it on the stack. You can also hit ENTER twice
which displays the answer as well as pops it off the stack. You would want to do this if you are done making your calculation. This describes
how to do basic arithmetic calculations.


Math Functions:

What if you wanted do apply a mathematical function like sine or log? You can do this as well with the functions. To calculate the result
of a mathematical function you would type the function followed by the number you would want. Example: 4 sqrt would calculate sqrt(2) and 
store in the stack. Another example:  3.14159 2 / sin would calculate the sin of pi/2.
List of mathematical functions and required inputs:
sin: takes in angle (in radians) and returns ratio of opposite/hypotenuse lengths of a right triangle.
cos: takes in angle (in radians) and returns ratio of adjacent/hypotenuse lenghts of a right triangle.
tan: takes in angle (in radians) and returns ratio of opposite/adjacent lengths of a right triangle.
asin: takes in ratio of opposite/hypotenuse of a right triangle and returns the angle (in radians).
acos: takes in ratio of adjacent/hypotenuse of a right triangle and returns the angle (in radians).
atan: takes in ratio of opposite/adjacent of a right triangle and returns the angle (in radians).
exp: takes INPUT and returns e^(INPUT).
log: calculates the logarithm. This function takes two inputs: the number and the base and returns the exponent. Example you want to calculate lb(32). 
	Enter "32 2 log" without quotes and hit ENTER.
sqrt: takes a number and calculates the square root of that number. 
ceil: takes a decimal number say 3.0001 and rounds it up to the next nearest whole number. 
floor: takes a decimal number say 3.0001 and throws away the decimal part. 
abs: takes a number and returns the absolute value of the number. 


Custom Variables:

You can store variables you use a lot in any of the lowercase letters a-z. To do this you would type the letter the equal sign and the 
number you want to store. For instance if you wanted to store euler's number 2.71828 in e you would type "e=2.71828" and ENTER. Now if you did
a calculation every time you type e it is replaced with 2.71828.

To Exit:

To exit the program simply hit CTRL+D or CTRL+C.  
